PRESIDENT REAGAN:
Air and naval forces
of the United States
launched a series of strikes
against terrorist facilities...
REPORTER:
Pan Am Flight 103 crashed
into the town of Lockerbie.
REAGAN:
He has sanctioned
acts of terror
in Africa, Europe,
the Middle East.
PRESIDENT GEORGE H.W. BUSH:
This will not stand, this
aggression against, uh, Kuwait.
REAGAN:
This relentless pursuit
of terror.
PRESIDENT GEORGE W. BUSH:
We will make no distinction...
REPORTER:
The USS Cole was attacked
while refueling in
the port of Aden.
This was an act of terrorism.
It was a despicable
and cowardly act.
The next samba
we're going to swing for you
is one of the good old
favorites.
...until something stops him.
CARRIE: I'm just making sure
we don't get hit again.
MAN: That plane crashed
into the World Trade Center.
Thousands of people running.
We must and we will remain
vigilant at home and abroad.
(speaking Arabic)
SAUL:
What the fuck are you doing?
God!
CARRIE: Fuck! I missed
something once before.
I won't...
I can't let that happen again.
SAUL:
It was ten years ago.
Everyone missed something
that day.
CARRIE:
Everyone's not me.
SAUL:
Previously on Homeland...
DANA:
We hit someone with your car.
She died in the middle
of the night.
We have to tell someone.
No, we don't.
We agreed to stay quiet.
It's even more important now.
SAUL:
I got a line on our terrorist.
I can get her to talk.
SAUL:
Hi, Aileen.
Who are you?
Your ride.
(panting)
(sighs)
What is the target?
I don't know.
(screaming)
CARRIE:
What the fuck
is the matter with you?
This is my interrogation!
SAUL:
Get him out of here.
CARRIE:
I can do this, Saul.
It's my turn.
What is Abu Nazir's plan?
I don't know.
But there is a plan?
Yes.
Who does know the plan?
I'm a friend
of Nazir's.
CARRIE: This is it.
This is the meet
we've been waiting for.
GALVEZ:
That's him.
Without the sunglasses.
BRODY:
The tailor in Gettysburg,
he's dead.
He handled their munitions.
If this new guy turns out
to be his replacement,
we need a line on him fast.
I'll put
a forensics team together
and take them to Gettysburg.
(automatic gunfire)
(panting)
You heard
about Gettysburg?
Heard about it?
It's all over
the fucking news.
BRODY:
Was that really necessary?
ROYA: We got what we needed,
that's the important thing.
Which was what?
But we lost a man,
so you're going
to have to play
a larger role now.
Yeah, like what?
How about some details?
Not possible.
(panting)
That's not good enough, Roya.
That's how
it's always been.
What's different now?
Six federal agents are dead.
You can't expect
business as usual.
It is what it is,
and things are going
to move very quickly now.
Oh, like a day? A week?
I need you to meet
with someone.
BRODY:
Who?
ROYA:
I'll let you know the how
and where as soon as I can.
I got to tell you, Roya,
I don't like this.
You don't have
to like it,
but this is no time to buck.
We're almost there.
Meanwhile,
this weekend, you're at
a Walden fund-raiser, right?
Yeah.
Keep him happy.
I always do.
Keep him very happy.
GUARD:
This one's a piece of work.
A spitter,
a hitter and a shitter.
That doesn't
sound like her.
Then you don't know her
too well.
BA54, open please.
(buzzer sounds)
(lock clicks)
Aileen?
It's Saul Berenson.
We drove from Mexico
to D.C. together.
I said I might be back
if I needed help.
Can we talk
about this upstairs?
What's wrong with here?
Everything.
It's very urgent.
(door opens)
(door closes)
You ever get outside?
23 hours in the cell.
One hour to walk around,
go to the crappy library,
that kind of thing.
Yeah.
My eyes are shot, though.
I don't even read anymore.
Look at that light.
Isn't it nice?
I need help, Aileen.
We're on a tight timetable.
You said.
You know who this is?
Yeah, I know him.
Who is he?
Name, address,
anything.
I tell you,
you get what you need,
and I get shoved back
into that cell.
Well, maybe I can talk
to the warden.
He's sadistic.
Oh, they say that
about every warden.
For a reason.
Time is of the essence here.
Not for me.
Okay.
What do you want?
Keeping in mind
there's only so much I can do
for a confessed terrorist.
A window.
A cell with a view.
I can get that.
How do you know?
Can you trust me
that I can get that for you
and help me now?
I don't trust anyone.
Okay.
I'll be back.
On the gate.
(lock clicks)
QUINN:
Why does Roya care so much
about Walden?
Maybe he's the target.
Again?
Well, the World
Trade Center
was hit in '93
and was the target again
more recently, you may recall.
(exhales)
You see Galvez?
Yeah.
It doesn't look good.
Oh, shit.
They told his
parents to come.
You get any word back
from the lab?
The good news is
there were no radioactive
contaminants in the shop.
So it's not a dirty bomb.
But judging from the RDX residue
and the fact
that it took two guys
to move that thing,
they've got enough C-4 to level
an embassy, a synagogue.
And they're in the wind.
Yeah.
I got to get out of this dress.
They're not discharging you.
I'm discharging me.
(groans)
Where's Saul?
He went to the
supermax in Waynesburg
to see Aileen.
That's our big move?
Rattle a chick
who's been locked up for months?
(sighs)
It's a Hail Mary.
Quinn, right
in front of me?
Like you've never seen
a dick before.
CHRIS:
You gonna ride a horse?
I don't know.
'Cause you could break
your neck on a horse.
(sniffs)
Finn?
I went to her funeral.
They passed around
this collection plate,
and there were like, $12.
You want to send money
or something?
I want to tell.
Tell who?
Our parents, the cops.
And, uh,
what will that achieve?
It's the right
thing to do.
I know.
I'm not a sociopath here, okay?
Then let's do
it together.
If we were normal people
with normal parents, we would.
But what,
We're special?
My dad...
What?
It's bad enough with him.
I'm sorry, but if you're
not gonna do this with me,
I have to do it by myself.
Okay.
Okay what?
Okay, we'll tell.
(exhales)
Will Senator Laughton
be there?
Laughton's fading.
Avery Phillips is
the new contender.
A woman, interesting.
(grunts) Yeah, Walden's
playing the field.
You're still
the front-runner.
Yeah.
So Mike was over
the other night.
Who told you that?
Chris.
He told me
something upsetting.
About you.
Why am I not surprised?
He told me you killed Tom.
You believe him?
I can take it
if it's the truth,
but I can't take
another lie.
The CIA knew we were close,
and they used me
to reach him,
and then it got messy.
Like how?
Like dangerous.
Yeah, I...
I did have a part in...
in stopping him.
What the fuck, Brody?
I know. I know.
But look,
Tom lost his way.
He just...
he just went
through too many things,
and he-he couldn't
get right again.
It looks like we're here.
It's about time
you visited, Billy.
You been busy
or something?
Just waiting
for an invitation, Rex.
My door's always
open; you know that.
Ah, Cynthia.
Hi there, Rex.
You still look
like a Tri Delt.
Okay, that's enough.
(laughter)
So...
when?
Let's do it later.
Today though.
Yeah, yeah.
Sometime today.
Nick Brody,
Rex Henning,
owner of this little dacha.
Pleasure.
It's beautiful.
Oh, thank you very much.
Bar fight?
Home improvements.
(chuckles)
This is my wife, Jessica.
Jessica, welcome.
Nice to meet you.
Pleasure.
Thank you.
Nick, I've been looking
forward to meeting you.
Thank you.
Let's get inside and
have some lemonade.
Raise some money.
(Henning speaks indistinctly)
I'll meet you inside.
(phone rings)
Hi, Brody.
How does my wife know
about Tom Walker?
Uh, I don't know.
I'll tell you how.
Mike Faber,
and how the fuck does he know?
You tell me.
Hey, Brody, calm down.
You came to me, accusing me
of lying about Gettysburg.
Maybe it's you
who's the one that's lying, hmm?
Pulling some bullshit on me.
I'm not.
Why should I believe you?
I'll take care of Faber.
How? How?
Have you really got this
under control?
Because it doesn't seem like it.
And what the fuck happened
in that shop?
How did you lose
those six agents?
We're investigating that.
Great, so you're hedging,
Roya's hedging.
This thing is on,
I'm at the center of it,
and I'm in the fucking dark.
Brody,
we'll deal with Faber,
I promise.
I know this is hard.
I'm sor... (beeps)
Are you my chaperone
for the weekend?
Well, somebody's got
to do it.
Oh, well, this
should be fun.
Fuck.
He's stressed.
Well, he's a friggin'
double agent,
no shit he's stressed.
I thought Saul and Estes
already wrangled Faber.
Well, I guess
it didn't take.
Go to Brody after.
(sighs)
You think?
He's our only play here.
He's everything.
He's still with us,
but he needs to feel
a sense of control, power.
So empower the guy.
(door closes)
I know it's unusual, Warden,
but she's a CIA asset,
and it's urgent.
My.
I can, of course, go
through the formal channels,
but if you could expedite this,
it's truly a matter
of national security.
I know that you're a
very important man.
It has nothing to do with me.
With agendas
and access
I can only wonder about.
I'm asking as a fellow
law enforcement agent.
Can you move Aileen Morgan
above ground?
We all have our issues.
Homeland Security funding goes
to the big cities.
My budget gets cut.
I sympathize.
And we all have our
domains, don't we?
And the United States
Penitentiary Waynesburg
is mine.
Understood.
And in this domain,
a big shot from the big city
with his fine credentials
and heaven-may-care grooming...
Excuse me?
just doesn't have
the kind of power
he's accustomed to.
I'll have orders sent
from the attorney general.
Mike Faber.
Carrie Mathison.
Right.
Thanks for meeting me.
You're welcome to come up.
Yeah, I spend
all day inside.
I thought we could get
some fresh air.
So what's this about?
Well, it's about giving you
the lay of the land.
Regarding?
Which I really
shouldn't have to do
since my colleagues
already told you to stand down.
Ah.
Brody.
There is a terrorist event
on the horizon.
Nick Brody is essential
to our plan for stopping it.
So if we weren't clear enough
the first time,
let me drive it home again.
Cease and fucking desist,
understood?
A terrorist attack.
Yes.
They didn't say that at Langley.
Well, they shouldn't
have had to.
You should have complied.
But you're emotional
about Brody.
No, ma'am.
Because you're in love
with his wife.
Excuse me?
We know about you and Jessica.
There's nothing to know.
You were with her.
You were going to move in,
but then he came home.
That was a long time ago.
Not really.
Not when you've chosen someone.
Look, Mike, it's...
it's hard wanting something,
or someone,
that you just can't have.
You don't know what I want.
Stop talking to her
about Brody.
Stop playing detective.
It won't help her.
What will help then?
You standing by,
looking out for her.
Because some time soon
she and those kids
might really need you.
All right, I'll...
I'll lay off then.
I hope you get what you want.
How long
did they hold you?
About eight years.
They didn't just
hold him, Buttercup,
they broke his bones.
Oh.
That's crazy.
Yes, it was.
What else did they do?
So, uh,
how old is your boy,
Congressman?
He's almost 12 now.
Did you ever just want
to kill yourself?
You have some dark moments.
CHRIS:
Hey, Dad,
you gonna swim?
Sure.
Excuse me.
What's the water like?
It's nice.
Hey, Chris, we'll swim later.
Okay.
It's nice meeting you.
Nice meeting you.
So...
Gettysburg, what happened?
We lost a battle, sir.
Why did you go in?
There was no movement for days.
We made a judgment call.
And a poor one.
In retrospect.
People are not feeling safe,
David.
I understand, sir.
I'm not feeling safe. We
can't have these lunatics
on the loose with their
goddamned explosives.
Obviously.
Another attack on our watch.
We're on it, sir.
Believe me.
Well, I certainly hope so.
(door opens)
You were right.
The warden's a bastard.
So is that it?
No, we'll go
over his head.
Oh, good.
But in the meantime...
What?
There's some very bad people
out there.
No way.
I need to know
who this is.
Don't you do that.
Don't you try to trick me!
No one's tricking you.
I'm not telling you shit!
Not till I get
a window permanently,
and I see it
on a legal fucking document.
Aileen.
I'm not getting
fucked over on this!
No, you're not.
You have my word.
(sighs)
(sighs heavily)
Sorry.
I want to trust you.
Then you should.
I'm sorry
I've become this person.
But I have.
I never knew one
of these horses
from another
till my wife passed.
I always meant
to sell them all off, but...
Well, this one's a beauty.
That's Amelia,
was her favorite.
She fractured her femur,
which usually means a trip
to the field with a gun, but...
You rehabbed her?
We harnessed her into a horse
swimming pool for therapy,
all kinds of crazy stuff.
Listen, I'm sorry
about the lookie-loos
at the pool.
It's bad enough
we went to hell and back.
People want to ogle the damage.
Oh, you served?
I was in the navy
in Vietnam, UDT 21.
Mekong Delta, '69.
I didn't think I'd make it
through the second tour.
Yeah, it can do that to you.
Coming home was a bitch though.
It took a while,
but I got myself back.
Right.
Like you.
It didn't break you.
Just don't call me a hero.
(chuckles)
They do that, don't they?
As if there's
some glory in it.
Yeah, I was captured
and shoved in a hole.
All I did was not die.
People need it, though, Nick.
They need you on a poster,
waving in a parade.
I don't care much
for Walden.
Oh, that's a surprise.
He's a hawk,
but he's ignorant.
He hasn't seen war.
No.
And there's
trouble ahead, Nick.
I mean, Iran, Israel,
this slaughter up in Gettysburg.
Something's coming.
I think you're right.
Mm-hmm.
But the bottom line is
I'm supporting Walden
because I'm looking eight years
down the road at you.
No, Mr. Henning.
Rex.
You give me
too much credit.
(chuckles)
You're a soldier,
and you're very humble, Nick.
Well, you're very kind.
And you'll be right
at Walden's hip
while he's president.
Hopefully, you can
help him be wise.
All right, Rex,
honestly, the truth...
I'm not that man.
I know you don't
feel that way.
No, no, really,
I'm not.
I'll see you tonight.
(phone rings)
Hello?
CARRIE:
Take the trail
behind the stables.
Why?
Go through the pasture,
then walk up the path
through the trees.
Oh, yeah,
what will I find there?
Me. I'm in the clearing.
Hi.
Faber's gonna leave it alone.
Good.
So, Roya's pulling you
into something, huh?
I don't want to
think about it.
Is that why you're upset?
Who says I'm upset?
I was just having
a long conversation
with the guy
who owns this place.
He was a soldier.
He was a real soldier.
Served in Vietnam,
saw all the shit you see,
didn't lose himself.
The worst part of it is...
...he believes I'm like him.
That guy,
he's the man
I could have been...
if I hadn't...
No, it doesn't always
work out the way we want.
Hey, is this for real?
I don't know.
Are you just handling me?
You know, keeping me close?
Brody, I don't know,
and I don't...
I don't want you to feel used.
(sighs)
You know what?
I do feel used,
and played,
and lied to,
but I also feel good.
(chuckles)
Two minutes with you,
and I feel good.
How do you pull that off?
(exhales)
(sighs)
(indistinct chatter)
What are you doing?
Liquid courage.
Finn, let's just do this thing.
All right, just...
let me pick my moment.
No, I'll pick it. Now.
Yeah, right in front
of all my mom's friends?
There's never gonna be
a good time;
we just have to suck it up.
You don't know what
you're talking about.
You're new to this world.
If "this world"
means lying,
and being a coward
then I don't want
any part in it.
JESSICA: Dana.
What is the squabble about?
It's nothing.
Bullshit nothing!
JESSICA:
Hey, stop cursing.
This is not okay.
We killed someone.
Jesus.
What?
Hit-and-run a week ago.
All right,
let's take this inside.
Inside.
It was at Woodley Road; she
was just crossing the street...
JESSICA:
Jesus, Dana.
I know.
How could you
just drive away?
We were scared.
That's no excuse!
I know!
Okay, Mom, I know.
You should have come to us.
Well, we're here now.
Finn, you've been drinking.
No, I haven't.
You've been drinking,
and now have to leave.
Go get your things.
Dana, go to the room.
Wait for me there.
(sighs)
I can't believe this.
It's awful.
We have to deal
with it head-on.
We'll report it, get lawyers.
We have to remember, we're
on the world stage here.
Of course.
These things...
have to be dealt with in a...
in a certain way.
Well, yeah, but...
I know what to do.
Leave it to me;
we'll be fine.
What does that mean?
That means
that I'll take care of it.
How?
You're gonna have to follow
my lead here.
I don't know, Cynthia.
I need to talk to Brody.
I'm waiting on the attorney
general to call back.
QUINN:
What's the hold up?
His daughter's school play.
Oh, fuck me.
We ready to jump
when I get a name?
I got SWAT waiting,
I got the mute here to drive me.
You're going?
With that gut wound?
I'm fine.
All right.
I'll call you.
I'm not mute.
Contraband.
Nice.
Bread, cheese,
wine.
"From the vineyards of
San Juan, Argentina,
(laughing):
with unique character."
Not bad for easy-top wine,
right?
You're nice.
To your window.
I think
about that road trip sometimes.
It was sort of fun, right?
(laughs softly)
Under the circumstances.
(laughs)
You were having trouble
with your wife.
Mira.
Yes, I was.
How is she?
She is, um...
in Mumbai.
And you're not.
That's about the size of it.
Sorry.
I moved to Lebanon
shortly after.
Maybe on some level
to be closer to her.
That's still pretty far
from India.
It didn't really do the trick.
(chuckles)
(phone ringing)
Hi, Robert.
Intermission?
Yes.
Great.
I owe you. Thanks.
It's done.
A window?
They faxed over
a signed order.
Should be arriving
any minute.
Your turn.
(sighs)
I have to see it first.
(door opens)
(door closes)
Here.
Thanks.
(sighs)
Mohammed Al Ghamdi.
He's been in the
States about a year.
Where can we find him?
Last I knew he was in Newark,
somewhere near Military Park.
Okay.
He's gun crazy.
If he sees you coming...
Got it. On the gate.
(door opens)
She stays in this
room till I'm back.
(crickets chirping)
Why does this kid
always get in trouble?
You gave him the car.
This was a week ago?
Why doesn't he talk to us?
Why?
Because he's
scared of you.
That's ridiculous.
No, it's not.
I don't think
he ever planned to tell us.
It was Dana
who pushed it.
We got to manage this.
I talked to David Estes.
He and the campaign guys
will deal with D.C. Metro.
Does Brody know?
I think it's his wife
we need to worry about.
Because?
She talked about police,
lawyers.
She needs to not talk at all.
Which I relayed.
Hey.
What's up?
You know how Dana's
been locked in her room
not saying
more than two words at a time?
Yeah.
If she did something terrible,
something criminal, we would
go to the police, right?
What did she do?
We wouldn't just gloss over
her doing something really,
really bad,
just because we're
in politics, right?
Because Cynthia thinks...
Cynthia?
What? Slow down.
Tell me what's happened.
Finn.
I'm sorry
if you're in trouble.
It doesn't matter.
Yeah, it matters.
I'm not a coward.
It's just...
I know how this goes.
My parents
are different than yours.
Man,
this is why I liked you so much.
'Cause you don't know
how it goes... yet.
Well, how can you
just accept that?
What else can I do?
I don't... I don't know, Finn,
but I just don't get
how you live like that.
So you don't get me.
We're gonna report it,
my parents and I.
Yeah.
Good luck with that.
Finn.
Bye, Dana.
(engine starting)
Ah, there he is.
Brody,
your new pal's looking for you.
HENNING:
A moment, everyone.
First off, welcome,
and thank you for
your presence.
The price tag was not
for the faint of heart.
(laughter)
Today I had a chance
to talk with Nick Brody.
Now, we all know his story
and what he has withstood
to be here today.
And a betting man
might say he is the likely
vice presidential candidate.
You've decided that,
have you?
(laughter)
I am supporting Bill
Walden for president.
Phew.
That's why you're all
standing in my study.
But the quiet surprise here
is Nick Brody.
Although he is not an officer,
he is, in fact, a gentleman.
And I personally feel
that a Walden-Brody ticket
would make the future
truly bright.
Cheers.
ALL:
WALDEN:
Excuse me, fellas.
Cigar?
No, thanks.
What are we gonna do
about Dana and Finn?
We're on it, but you should talk
to your wife.
Oh, we've talked.
This will all be taken care of
if we all just stick
with the program.
What does
"stick with the program" mean?
Just let it lie.
We'll clean it up.
Are you saying it's okay
that our two kids just ran
someone over in the streets?
No, it's not okay,
but we should not be benched
because of it.
We're about to
run for office,
the highest office
in the world.
It's a moving train.
And a screw up by a
couple of teenagers
isn't getting in our way,
understood?
QUINN:
31 Sussex Avenue,
north side of the street,
freestanding, one story.
Covered foot access
from the front,
seal the rear with mobile units.
MAN (over radio):
Copy that.
Suspect's name
is Mohammed Al Ghamdi.
Six foot, 180 pounds,
assumed threat level four.
(grunts)
Your location... eight minutes.
Wait, out.
(over radio):
Eight minutes. Roger, out.
(vehicles approaching)
(tires squealing)
Federal agents!
On the ground!
Federal agents! Don't move!
(agents yelling indistinctly)
All clear.
We got one in custody.
(speaking Arabic)
What is this?
Well, this ain't the guy.
What guy?!
What's your name?
Mohammed Al Ghamdi.
The musician.
You know, like...
like Coldplay?
QUINN (over phone):
His dad was head of security
for Aileen's family
in Saudi Arabia.
He knew Aileen
from the pool club.
Pool club?
Yeah, he's some kind of
music grad student now.
Half an idiot.
So she duped us.
Whole thing was bullshit.
She probably
doesn't even know our guy.
Why would she do that?
Maybe she was bored.
Got her jollies
dicking you around.
She knew we'd find out.
What did it buy her?
Aileen! Aileen!
(pounding)
Aileen!
Open the fucking door!
(door opens)
Aileen.
Oh. (panting)
You missed the sunset.
No.
Why did you do this?
I'm not going back.
What?
I'm never going back
to that cave.
Guards!
No, don't call them.
Please don't, Saul.
(crying):
Jesus.
Why would you do this?
I just spent the day
by the window.
A whole day.
Light, sun,
a view...
Best last day I could have.
Jesus Christ.
Hi.
Let's go.
Where?
Metro Police.
Mom will take Chris home.
I'm so relieved.
Come on.
And scared.
I know,
but I'll be with you.
(dialing)
(line ringing)
Hi, David.
Brody's leaving.
What?
He just went AWOL
with his daughter.
Where's he going?
I think he's about
to blow this thing.
How?
Get in the car and call me;
I'll explain.
(sighs)
(beeping)
(groans)
That was tough luck.
I got emotional.
I wanted to believe her.
Well, they do that
to us sometimes--
get under our skin.
It was sloppy.
And I know better.
Any word on Galvez?
Well, he's still dying.
You're a real diplomat.
(scoffs)
He was good in the shop.
I hope you don't lose him.
Yeah.
We've had enough
losing lately.
Why is she here?
I have no idea.
Will you stay in the car?
Hi.
I have my daughter here.
I see that. I'm sorry.
What's going on?
You can't do this,
go to the police.
Are you telling me you knew
about this accident?
No. I just found out, too.
This is a private matter.
It's not, actually,
because if you report this,
you'll alienate Walden,
and Roya and Nazir want you
near him, for whatever reason.
I don't give a fuck!
This is my daughter.
Brody, you won't have
a deal anymore if you do this.
(car door closes)
The whole thing will be off.
Do you understand?
And that's
for your daughter, too, right?
What is this?
Hi, Dana, I'm Carrie.
Yeah, I remember.
What are you doing here?
Dana,
we're not going to be able
to do this right now, okay?
Why not?
Because she said so?
It's really
complicated, Dana.
No, actually,
it's really obvious.
The campaign, the election.
What could be more important?
We'll do this
down the line.
I promise.
You're bullshit.
Dana.
No, Dad, you just...
You really make me sick.
Hey, Dana.
Dana!
Your phone was off.
This is fucked up.
I'm really sorry.
It's not okay.
Brody...
This is not okay!
None of this is fucking okay!
Dana!